(somber piano music)
- [Hachi] I'll still
call out for you, Nana.
No matter how much it hurts,
I'll call until you answer me.
- [Nana] I'm sorry I
couldn't keep my promise.
You probably don't remember,
but I was really serious
about building that gorgeous
house with a big yard.
A house on a hill where
you could see the sea
with a designer kitchen
and a studio in the basement
and piles of clothes in your
closet.
All the latest fashions,
of course.
I'd be there waiting.
So, every time a boy
made you cry,
you could come back home
and just smile.
(upbeat hard rock music)
(wind whooshing)
- One way to Tokyo, please.
- The train is delayed
because of the snow.
- Fine with me, as long
as I get there.
Huh?
(heartfelt music)
You didn't have to
come see me off.
- Heh.
I actually called in sick today,
just so I could stake this place
out.
And that's all you have to say.
- You're alone?
Where's Nobuo?
- Probably at home
crying right now.
After all, you just
told him yesterday.
Think a little more about the
people you're leaving behind.
- Sorry.
I didn't really know
how to tell you guys.
- [Yasu] Well, I guess we
always knew
this day would eventually come.
- What's this?
- This is my birthday
present to you.
- This piece of paper?
(Nana gasps)
(heartfelt music)
(grunts) You've got it all
wrong.
I'm not going to Tokyo
'cause I wanna see him.
- I know that
but I thought you might
want to give him a call.
- [Nana] You don't understand.
You don't understand anything.
- [Announcer] 310 to Tokyo,
the platform will be departing-
- [Nana] If you understand me
at all, come with me, Yasu.
Why can't I just ask you?
You've already chosen
the life you want.
That's why.
And Nobuo has a great future
ahead of him.
I can't ask you.
You're gonna have to wish
for it, all on your own.
- Nana.
(ash sizzles)
Don't go.
I'll be lonely without you.
- Goddamn it. Then you
come with me.
(bell ringing)
- Negotiations break off there.
Oh, well. Good luck, girl.
- Yasu, there are plenty
of law firms in Tokyo too.
- And you could just continue
singing in this town.
(upbeat punk rock music)
- [Nana] But there's no
Tokyo Dome or Budokan here.
(upbeat punk rock music)
You might think I'm crazy for
dreaming
but one of these days, I'm
gonna sing on a big stage.
All the spotlights will be on me
and the audience will be
screaming.
And I'll make more money than I
can burn.
I'm not one of those princesses,
who's just happy to sing.
Singing is what keeps me alive.
So I know that someday.
(brakes grinding)
Huh?
What the?
Who is this chick?
And how long is she
gonna lie on top of me?
You alright?
- [Hachi] I'm totally fine.
I'm so sorry.
- [Nana] I'll never
forget that day.
March 5th, 2001.
My 20th birthday.
That's the day I met you.
(rain falling)
- Aw, I hate the Demon Lord.
- Yeah, but you don't
have to cry about it.
- But I totally wanted
to go see the fireworks.
I even spent some of the money
my mom gave me to
buy this yukata.
- So, you finally dipped into
Natsuko's 300,000 yen? (sighs)
(wind howling)
We met on the train to Tokyo.
Somehow she became my roommate,
Nana Kamatsu, AKA
Hachi or Hachiko.
She's selfish, way too
dependent and a cry baby.
And she's completely boy crazy,
jumping for whoever throws
her a bone.
Six months in Tokyo
and she was already on
her third boyfriend.
- Nobuo.
- [Nana] But she has an
innocent charm to her.
She's definitely a weird one.
(wind heavily whooshing)
(rain falling)
- Typhoon 11, which hit the
Tokyo area,
is still increasing in
power as it heads north.
It is expected-
- You're that jealous of our
love, huh?
I can understand why you feel
that way.
- Are you talking to the Demon
Lord again?
It's starting to get
a little weird.
When it's Hachi, it's cute,
but you just look crazy.
- Well, you're wrong.
I'm talking to the weather lady.
- That's even weirder.
(phone rings and vibrates)
- Nana?
- What the hell, Nobuo?
Get over here.
You promised Hachi, you'd
pick her up at seven.
- But I can't go out now in this
typhoon.
The fireworks will be canceled
anyway.
- Don't you wanna see Hachi?
- She's got a new yukata.
Your nose will bleed.
(Nobuo gasps)
(whimsical music)
- Shin, why are you coming
anyway?
- I wanna see Hachiko
in a kimono too.
- [Nobuo] It's a yukata,
not a kimono, you moron.
- [Shin] What's the difference?
Ah.
(bright music)
- [Nobuo & Shin] She's so cute.
- We bought some fireworks.
- After the storm, we can
light them down by the river.
- Really?
Thanks you guys.
- [Nana] Hachi was our pet.
Our band mascot.
Well, a better term for
her would be our Madonna.
Her smile alone lit up the
entire room.
She always got us pumped in
the studio, at rehearsals,
and especially at live shows.
The energy she gave off
was more than anything
we could have gained
by adding a new band member.
(crickets chirping)
(water rushing)
- That's a lot of water.
Look at how high it's risen.
- Yeah. We're lucky it didn't
flood over.
(Hachi crying)
- Fireworks aren't lighting.
- Ah, damn it. They
got soaked in the rain.
(Nobuo whimpers)
- You all right?
- Yeah. You better not touch it.
- Do we need to go
back to the store?
- I got mine lit, Nana.
Here.
- Thank you.
- [Nobuo] Nice one, Yasu.
- [Shin] Light mine.
- You want one too, Misato?
- Yes, please.
- [Shin] Hey, what about me?
- [Hachi] Here Nobuo,
I'll lend you my fire.
- [Nobuo] Thanks.
- Oh man.
- Here.
(Hachi laughing)
- [Nana] Is she really that
sweet
or is it all just a front?
(Hachi laughing)
(Hachi gasps)
(Nana gasps)
(Hachi laughing)
- [Hachi] Nana.
(heartfelt music)
- [Nana] You probably
don't have a clue. Do you?
Everything you do blows me away.
Just like that typhoon.
I feel like
a teenage boy,
falling in love for
the first time.
I can't fight this anymore.
I think I'm gonna burst.
(heartfelt music)
- You want to do it with
Hachiko?
- I knew you wouldn't get it.
You're so perverted.
All you ever think about is
having sex.
- But isn't that because
a young man in love
is always battling his sexual
desire?
- It's got nothing to do with
sex,
but it's definitely a battle.
- What is it then? Hunger?
She does look delicious
like a mochi rice cake.
- Mochi?
Whenever I talk to you,
the things I worry about
end up seeming so trivial.
- (laughs) Well, that's good to
hear.
You take things
too seriously.
There's always a black cloud
hanging over your head.
Hachi's obviously attached to
you.
You should be happy that
someone cares for you so much.
It's okay to be as affectionate
with her as you want to be.
There isn't anything wrong with
that.
- You're right.
- Edamame.
- There I go again, agreeing
with him.
What the hell is wrong with me?
Why am I so completely
influenced
by what Ren says or does?
Before, it was because I
had such a crush on him.
But why is it still like that?
I haven't changed at all.
I wasn't even gonna get
back together with him,
but before I knew it,
I became his little wifey all
over again.
- Huh?
- What am I doing,
making this stupid soup?
And in the middle of
the night too?
- Because it's my favorite.
- Fine, but-
(pan rattling)
(water bubbling)
(fire burning)
(sensual music)
- So, now how do I
control your heat?
- [Nana] You can't.
If there is a way,
show me how.
Somebody
please help me.
(sensual music)
Why does this happen to me?
Why does my heart burn so hot?
(traffic rumbling)
(phone ringing)
- [Ren] Hello?
Oh, Take, morning.
No, I'm cool. I'll take my car.
(yawns) I'll be out the door in
30.
- [Nana] He hardly slept at all.
He's gonna wear himself out.
But I am kind of jealous,
he has so much work.
In fact, it's frustrating.
- You could have stayed in bed
longer.
I'm telling you, if
you try living like me,
you're gonna end up dying young.
- But I have to go to work.
And the moving company Nobuo
works for needs people.
So, now I'm doing that.
- A moving company?
How macho of you.
- [Nana] We have band
practice every night,
which means I can't work nights
anymore.
So now I've got a day job.
- [Ren] What's up with your
album release?
Any progress?
- No, not yet.
In those days,
I spent about half my
time at Ren's apartment.
But because of our schedules,
we really didn't see each other
much.
(car engine revving)
And the times we were together,
we just wanted to do it.
So there wasn't a lot of time
to talk about what was
going on with us.
But I thought that was
for the best.
That way we could avoid talking
about things that made
us uncomfortable.
(car engine rumbling)
(camera clicking)
- What? Still there?
So annoying, aren't they?
- Maybe I should move out.
But what's the point?
- Because of Papa-rakkyos
- Razzi, idiots.
But what I'm talking about,
is the woman Ren's
sleeping with.
I told you to send her home.
- Aren't rakkyo those pickled
onions serve with curry?
- Yeah.
But you gotta have fukujinzuke
with curry.
- What?
A curry wouldn't be a
curry without a raw egg.
Right, Takumi?
- You idiot. I don't eat
that poor man's curry.
- Open the curry pouch like
this,
then heat it directly in the
pot.
And when it runs low, add
new pouches one at a time.
Be careful not to let the curry
burn and stick to the pot.
The rice has already been
cooked.
All you need to do is put
a little on each plant.
(Hachi groaning)
Miss Kamatsu.
- [Hachi] I'm so sorry.
- It can't be helped.
You're not feeling very well.
That's all.
Thank goodness, there
were no customers around.
- [Hachi] I really am sorry.
- It could have something to
do with this summer heat wave.
You should probably
go see a doctor.
- Yeah.
(suspenseful music)
(wind whooshing)
(suspenseful music continues)
- Look who's eating curry.
And at the company cafeteria.
- Uh.
I don't usually eat this kind of
stuff
but for some stupid reason,
I suddenly had a craving for it.
- It's because no matter
what you say,
you like it.
- Uh.
Mm.
(sighs) I can't wait till it's
over.
- What?
- Summer vacation.
- (sighs) Only three more days.
Summer vacation may be long,
but it's over way too soon.
I just wish I knew for sure
that your album release was all
settled.
Then at least I could go
home a little psyched.
But it's been a month already
since you signed the contract
and nothing's been worked out
yet.
- [Shin] Yeah, but it's
just a temporary contract.
- I guess I don't understand
exactly what a temporary
contract is.
How is it different from
a real contract?
- [Shin] It's kind of like,
we're engaged to Gaia.
- Huh?
- [Shin] Mr. Kawano has been
busy trying to get the money
and the wedding party lined up.
So then we can have a
big reception,
where we'll all get drunk.
- Huh?
- This contract means,
don't screw around with
anyone else,
even if they approach
you with a better offer
and in return for
staying faithful,
we get to use the Gaia
studios as much as we want,
while we prepare to be
beautiful blushing brides.
- Now I get it.
I finally understand
the whole process.
Thank you, Shin.
- Misato, you're older than me.
So, why do you still
speak so politely to me?
- Well, that's just it,
you're younger than me.
So how is it that you're able
to help me with my homework?
- I can only help you
with your English.
You'll have to ask Yasu
to help you with the rest.
- I knew it.
- Knew what?
- Your fair complexion is 'cause
you're only half Japanese.
- My fair complexion?
- [Misato] Hide it all
you want but I can tell.
That's why your English is so
good. Right?
- I understand English
because I grew up overseas.
Both of my parents are Japanese.
- What?
You grew up overseas? Where?
You're telling me that
you're 100% Japanese?
- Don't you believe me?
- No, Shin, I don't.
- (sighs) I don't either.
I wish I'd never been born.
- Huh?
(traffic rumbling)
(crowd chattering)
(water dripping)
(water dripping intensifies)
(Hachi gasps)
(truck beeping)
- [Delivery Man] Little further.
Little further.
Okay.
Stop.
- Oh.
This mansion is huge.
(Nobuo grunts)
- Ha, no way, it's tiny.
Just wait till you see the big
mansion
Nana from Blast is gonna be
living in.
Watch your back, Demon Lord.
- Oh, so I see that
you're a believer as well.
- You've got it all wrong.
I'm the Demon Lord's master.
Hmm.
Back then I was pursuing my
dreams.
I achieved a lot of my goals.
But along the way, I lost
something irreplaceable.
I lived fast and furious.
Never looking back,
with no regrets at all.
Now there's only one
thing I regret.
Hey, Hachi,
I wonder,
are you happy now?
(somber guitar music)
(water drops)